Palacios international award-winning
developer s be severe proudly presents
City sky 88 a stunning one of its kind
55 story development in the heart of
Jobar ooh this is the new aura of a
scandal a seer City sky 88 complements
today's contemporary sky-high lifestyles
with luxurious residences exquisitely
designed by one of Singapore's leading
architectural firms CPG a stool bones
tallest landmark Cydia sky 88 features
of the Torah of high-rise Flinders
making it the city's most sought-after
address every moment spent here is a
journey into the world of hospitality
with lavish facilities across four
distinctive zones expect a warm welcome
as soon as you set foot in the grand
lobby with the concierge service
business center and lounge signature 88
is the place to welcome every guest
you'll feel truly at home here living
amidst the extensive amenities of Club
88 such as the Sun Deck fitness corner
jogging parts barbecue area and the spas
Oh
you may also indulge in delectable
alfresco dining mix to the pool the
infinity pool is another exquisite place
of leisure where you can enjoy a swim as
you savor the majestic high-rise
ambience
your journey of luxury continues it
cloud 88 with even more sky-high
facilities prepare home-cooked meals
exercise enjoy social gatherings and
savor the sky-high ambience at the
pinnacle of the world
you may unwind and relax as the
panoramic city skyline unfolds before
you cydia sky 88 is a prized gem - ohm
and a life enthusiasts abode
amidst the opulent embrace of
sophistication and exemplary lifestyle
awaits sit here sky 88 another
prestigious and quality development by
SB sit here
you